CSS
CSS:
CSS is the language we use to style an HTML document.
CSS describes how HTML elements should be displayed.
What is CSS?
	CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets
	CSS describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media
	CSS saves a lot of work. It can control the layout of multiple web pages all at once
	External stylesheets are stored in CSS files
Why Use CSS?
CSS is used to define styles for your web pages, including the design, layout and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes.
CSS Syntax
 	The selector points to the HTML element you want to style.
 	The declaration block contains one or more declarations separated by semicolons.
 	Each declaration includes a CSS property name and a value, separated by a colon.
 	Multiple CSS declarations are separated with semicolons, and declaration blocks are surrounded by curly braces.
h1 { color:blue; }
color:blue --Declaration
h1Selector
colorProperty
blueValue
; Terminator
: Separator
How To Add CSS:
When a browser reads a style sheet, it will format the HTML document according to the information in the style sheet.
There are three ways of inserting a style sheet:
•	External CSS
•	Internal CSS
•	Inline CSS
External CSS
 	With an external style sheet, you can change the look of an entire website by changing just one file!
 	Each HTML page must include a reference to the external style sheet file inside the <link> element, inside the head section.
 	An external style sheet can be written in any text editor, and must be saved with a “.css” extension.
Internal CSS
 	An internal style sheet may be used if one single HTML page has a unique style.
 	The internal style is defined inside the <style> element, inside the head section.
Inline CSS
 	An inline style may be used to apply a unique style for a single element.
 	To use inline styles, add the style attribute to the relevant element. The style attribute can contain any CSS property.
CSS Comments
CSS comments are not displayed in the browser, but they can help document your source code.
/* comments */

CASCADING ORDER
What style will be used when there is more than one style specified for an HTML element?

All the styles in a page will "cascade" into a new "virtual" style sheet by the following rules, where number one has the highest priority:
1.	Inline style (inside an HTML element)
2.	External and internal style sheets (in the head section)
3.	Browser default
So, an inline style has the highest priority, and will override external and internal styles and browser defaults.
